DONE!       studentassignmentquestion.html fix question number
DONE!       do all css to remove ugliness
PROBABLY UNNECESSARY (due to #5)      staff homepage view set limitation for number of assignments on homepage to avoid a mess
DONE!   probably completely redo staff homepage
DONE!      allow teachers to set target grades for students which affect their passmark for assignments and their exclamationmark status
DONE!       create user if classname is null dont create user
DONE!       assignment details page make class name work properly
DONE!       assignment complete tell user where they screwed up and didnt screw up
DONE! - implemented as warnings on studentdetails       exclamationmark page or incorporate into staff home page
DONE!        updating student target grade doesnt redirect all weird to student list, prob create a new view and ctrl-c ctrl-v the create target grade one
DONE!       make email == username
PROBABLY UNNECESSARY        add back button to pages that arent the 5 main ones
DONE!        fix assignment due in negative days
DONE!       for teacher set assignment questions are by default only at the level of the class also add button to allow to select categories for other levels in case that is neeeded
DONE!       teachers can see what each student got in each assignment
DONE!       see if background gradient is possible to not move around when scrolling
DONE!       studentdetails change questions answered to assignments completed + add quizzes completed
DONE!       remove the option to change the questions of past assignments bc why would you
DONE!       quiz start delete all other quizzes clogging up the db
DONE!(overflow-x:hidden)        figure out why  animations causes weird green area to spawn in briefly (its probably the use of translate instead of left property)
DONE!       why do some button hover effects scale in one direction only?!?!?
DONE!       make animations zoom zoom so less wait for it to be doned
DONE!       student assignment question infos so teachers can see exactly where students screwed up
DONE!       studentslist make them red like in class detials to signofy warnings

DONE!       student pages - see where they messed up on each completed assignment
DONE    do leaderboards or else death
DONE!       student assignment page shows results for past assignments
DONE!       remove student assignment complete by bypassing it
DONE        quiz complete add each question tick/cross etc
DONE!       move student past assignments to its own page and replace with score by category.

DONE!       studentlist why does studentlist go off the page
DONE!       actually implement thew page for delete category (button)

MEH     css animations bc they cool

DONE!       make it impossible to set questions where correct answer isnt any of the options.
DONE!       change password add some kind of restrictions so u cant have the letter a as a pwword

add question make answer field multiplechoice (1-4) instead of copypasting the option etxt
maybe make teachers not be students as well lmao
somehow organise assignment add questions so it isnt a clusterduck
different colours for past assignments etc depending on no of students not complete
studentcategory so students can see which categories are woerst.
make game over messages at assignment complete depend on student target grade
remove all #REDUNDANT CODE
add message for when thigns are empty (no assignments yet etc)